We wanna take you through the process
of getting registered at 96boards.
This is very important if you wanna be
able to have access to the forums and
things like that.
You know, there's a lot of help you
can get, and if you ever get stuck,
you can go to the forums or
I guess reference for our videos.
>> Yeah, we've found it very useful,
accessing the forums.
They're very responsive on there.
>> They respond really quickly.
>> Yeah.
>> So it's a good idea to get
registered with 96Boards.
>> Yeah, there's a lot of developers on
there that actually work with Linaro that
have helped us out immensely.
>> Yeah, so you wanna start off, you wanna
go back to the 96boards.org website.
And then you can go to forums, and
it will ask you to be able to sign in or
register for the first time.
So you'll click on
the little button register.
>> You can access the forums
without having registered, but
if you want to post anything
>> Yeah
>> Or create a topic
then you're gonna need to register.
>> All right, and then so then you just
have to go through, and it's the usual
process of getting registered,
as you find from most websites.
You're gonna have to enter in a user name,
an email,
I think a password, and
you know go through all that.
I think that there's a verification
email that you have to go to and
click on and-
>> Yeah,
they actually send you a password.
So when you register, they're gonna send
you this really long weird password.
Copy paste it into the screen you can see
right here, and then basically just go
in and adjust it for the password that you
would like inside your account settings.
>> Yeah.